Improve runtime memory usage (#162)
still-ex/still: guides/introduction/configuration.md

# Configuration

## Profiler

There's a rudimentary profiler that you can enable with:

```elixir
config :still,
  profiler: true
```

This will generate an HTML file that can be accessed at `http://localhost:3000/profiler`.

> **Enabling the profiler will make the dev server slower and increase the memory usage**. If you're experiencing an issues, please disable the profiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Enabling the profiler will make the dev server slower and increase the memory usage**. If you're experiencing any performance issues, please disable the profiler.
```
